'Humans and aliens'

 In this game, the majority of people are ordinary 'humans', but some people are secretly 'aliens'. We will all answer some questions, but since the aliens are given different questions to the humans, we may be able to discover who is hiding amongst us.

 At the beginning of the game, about 1/3 of people will get a secret message telling them that they are an alien. Please do not reveal this secret identity in any way. The humans will be the majority, and if you are discovered, you may be dissected by the prejudiced humans. If you are an alien, you will also be secretly sent a list of 10 questions to answer. Humans will be sent a different list of 10 questions to answer. The questions must be answered on a Google form which will be sent to everyone. Both parties must answer as honestly as possible within 10 minutes. (If you are an alien, please do not look at the human questions since that would be cheating). Do not talk whilst you are answering the questions.

 Once everyone has answered, the responses to the 1st question will be revealed. The human question will also be revealed (but the alien question will remain secret). Some of the responses will seem strange to the humans. Everyone can discuss the responses, and your (possibly fake) reason for your response. Then there will be a round of voting for who will be eliminated. If an alien is eliminated, the humans will get a point. If a human is eliminated, then the aliens get a point. Then the response to the next question is revealed, and there is another round of discussion and voting. The game ends when all the questions have been used, or if all the aliens have been voted out, or if the time runs out (40 mins).

Example: Alice, Bob and Carl are playing the game. Alice is secretly an alien and is given the question 'What is your favourite animal?'. Alice answers 'Cat'. Bob and Carl are humans, and are given the question 'What animals are you allergic to?'. Bob answers 'None' and Carl answers 'Dogs'. The human question is revealed and Bob points out that Alice has a pet cat. Alice tries to persuade Carl that Bob is an alien and lying. Bob and Carl conclude that Alice was answering a different question and Alice is voted out.
